Fix SUPPORT.md for better readability (#13398)
openssl/openssl: SUPPORT.md

OpenSSL User Support resources
==============================

See the OpenSSL website www.openssl.org for details on how to obtain

> commercial technical support.

Reviewer: Perhaps a more precise link to https://www.openssl.org/support/contracts.html at this point?

Author: Sure.

Author: Done

If you have general questions about using OpenSSL
-------------------------------------------------

In this case the [openssl-users] mailing list is the right place for you.
The list is not only watched by the OpenSSL team members, but also by many
other OpenSSL users. Here you will most likely get the answer to your questions.
An overview over the [mailing lists](#mailing-lists) can be found below.

If you think you found a Bug
----------------------------

> If you have any problems with OpenSSL then please take the following steps first:

Reviewer: The implication of this section is "do these things first and if the problem goes away then you're done - no further action necessary". Whereas in fact there are different actions required depending on what happens. If the first two bullets solve the issue - then really nothing further does need to be done. If the 3rd one works then actually this indicates a bug in OpenSSL which we'd like to hear about - the user might be tempted to use this workaround as a "solution" to their problem - but we really should not be encouraging that. If the fourth bullet works then this most likely indicates a compiler bug - the user might consider raising a bug against the compiler (incidentally there is no clue given as to *how* a user should remove compiler optimizations)

We might want to consider breaking this list up a bit.

I'd still like more caveats on the no-asm suggestion below. It is a useful diagnostic test to figure out what kind of bug this is. But it doesn't mean the problem is "solved". Possibly a smple statement saying we don't recommend no-asm builds for production would be sufficient.

I'm actually not too sure why we give "no-asm" such prominence in this document. Whether the problem goes away or not with no-asm builds is a useful piece of information in an issue report - but its not top of the list of most important things to know.

Possibly it should be moved to the section "Open an Issue" as a piece of information we would want to know. Or maybe even remove it altogether.

Author: > The implication of this section is "do these things first and if the problem goes away then you're done - no further action necessary".

Hmm, that's not how I read it, especially since this section contains the action sections "Open an Issue" and "Submit a Pull Request".

Author: I added a small NOTE at the beginning of this section to clarify the intent.  Does that answer your concerns well enough?

Author: > I'm actually not too sure why we give "no-asm" such prominence in this document.

The (no-asm) C source is our reference code that's supposed to work under most if not any condition.  The asm code has had history of bugs, and considering how well versed many are with assembler these days, that are hard to figure out.  Trying with no-asm is a clear way to figure out if the issue is in the assembler code or not.

Author: Essentially, this section has *never* been about getting your production installation to work.

OpenSSL User Support resources
==============================

> See the <https://www.openssl.org/support/contracts.html> for details on how to
> obtain commercial technical support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are seeking commercial [technical support], please consult our website.

[technical support]: https://www.openssl.org/support/contracts.html
```
_(looks better in rendered markdown)_

Reviewer 2: _I did not place the link at the end of the document into the `<!-- Links -->` section on purpose, because then the reader of the raw markdown document might not find it immediately._

Author: I'm not keen on that change

If you have general questions about using OpenSSL
-------------------------------------------------

In this case the [openssl-users] mailing list is the right place for you.
The list is not only watched by the OpenSSL team members, but also by many
other OpenSSL users. Here you will most likely get the answer to your questions.
An overview over the [mailing lists](#mailing-lists) can be found below.

If you think you found a Bug
----------------------------

*NOTE: this section assumes that you want to report it or figure it out and
fix it.  What's written here is not to be taken as a recipe for how to get a

> working production installation*

Reviewer: I still don't particularly like this. If they search the mailing lists, and download the latest version and their problem is fixed - then great - go ahead use it!

My objection would be better handled by moving the no-asm suggestion out of this section or removing it altogether. I'd also be tempted to remove the compiler optimization flags thing (how many problems do we see that would be solved by this? Some, but not many).

Note: I'm not objecting to this PR. I'd approve it with this text in it (overall the PR is an improvement on what is there). I just think it could be even better.

Author: > (how many problems do we see that would be solved by this? Some, but not many)

Historically, we've had a fair number of interactions that repeat "what happens if you configure with `no-asm`?" as well as "what happens if you remove these optimization flags?".  It was apparently enough to make it into a general text.

> Note: I'm not objecting to this PR. I'd approve it with this text in it (overall the PR is an improvement on what is there). I just think it could be even better.

There's always space for improvement, of course.  And someone will read this again in some time and propose new changes (perhaps you :wink:), after having mulled over it for a bit.

Author: So, can I take that as this concern resolved for now?

Reviewer: Resolved as far as this PR is concerned. The issue I'm complaining about remain IMO, but it doesn't need to be within the scope of this PR if you don't want to address it.

Author: That's all I'm asking.  Thanks

- [openssl-project]  for discussion about the development roadmap
                     and governance.

Only subscribers can post to [openssl-users] or [openssl-project].  The
archives are made public, however.  For more information, see the [mailing
lists] page.

> There was an [openssl-dev] list has been discontinued since development is now

Reviewer: *that* has been discontinued?

Author: Thanks, fixed

> taking place in form of GitHub pull requests. Although not active anymore, the

Reviewer: in *the* form of?

Author: Fixed
